Replace Visual C# 2008 tokens (#12957)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/interop/how-to-access-office-onterop-objects.md

  
     Paste method `CreateIconInWordDoc`, provided later in this step, into the `Program` class. `CreateIconInWordDoc` uses named and optional arguments to reduce the complexity of the method calls to <xref:Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Documents.Add%2A> and <xref:Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Selection.PasteSpecial%2A>. These calls incorporate two other new features introduced in C# 4 that simplify calls to COM methods that have reference parameters. First, you can send arguments to the reference parameters as if they were value parameters. That is, you can send values directly, without creating a variable for each reference parameter. The compiler generates temporary variables to hold the argument values, and discards the variables when you return from the call. Second, you can omit the `ref` keyword in the argument list.  
  

>      The `Add` method has four reference parameters, all of which are optional. In C# 4, or later versions, you can omit arguments for any or all of the parameters if you want to use their default values. In Visual C# 2008 and earlier versions, an argument must be provided for each parameter, and the argument must be a variable because the parameters are reference parameters.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The `Add` method has four reference parameters, all of which are optional. In C# 4.0 and later versions, you can omit arguments for any or all of the parameters if you want to use their default values. In C# 3.0 and earlier versions, an argument must be provided for each parameter, and the argument must be a variable because the parameters are reference parameters.  
```

>      The `PasteSpecial` method inserts the contents of the Clipboard. The method has seven reference parameters, all of which are optional. The following code specifies arguments for two of them: `Link`, to create a link to the source of the Clipboard contents, and `DisplayAsIcon`, to display the link as an icon. In C# 4, you can use named arguments for those two and omit the others. Although these are reference parameters, you do not have to use the `ref` keyword, or to create variables to send in as arguments. You can send the values directly. In Visual C# 2008 and earlier versions, you must send a variable argument for each reference parameter.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The `PasteSpecial` method inserts the contents of the Clipboard. The method has seven reference parameters, all of which are optional. The following code specifies arguments for two of them: `Link`, to create a link to the source of the Clipboard contents, and `DisplayAsIcon`, to display the link as an icon. In C# 4.0 and later versions, you can use named arguments for those two and omit the others. Although these are reference parameters, you do not have to use the `ref` keyword, or to create variables to send in as arguments. You can send the values directly. In C# 3.0 and earlier versions, you must supply a variable argument for each reference parameter.  
```

  
     [!code-csharp[csProgGuideOfficeHowTo#9](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/csprogguideofficehowto/cs/program.cs#9)]  
  

>      In Visual C# 2008 or earlier versions of the language, the following more complex code is required.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     In C# 3.0 and earlier versions of the language, the following more complex code is required.  
```

  
2. Press CTRL+F5 to see the result. Other formats are listed in the <xref:Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.XlRangeAutoFormat> enumeration.  
  

> 3. Compare the statement in step 1 with the following code, which shows the arguments that are required in Visual C# 2008 or earlier versions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Compare the statement in step 1 with the following code, which shows the arguments that are required in C# 3.0 and earlier versions.  
```
